# 1.User Need Overview & Concept Introduction

## User Need Overview

We began our process of conceptual development by questioning fellow students about some of the everyday issues they encounter to aid us in coming up with an idea capable of mitigating a specific need. During these conversations, the group found that losing personal belongings in both private and public places was a common occurrence. According to research from Mozy, the average value of a lost item is £131.67; the average person irretrievably loses £71.55 of goods each year. As a result of the average person losing over £60 worth of possessions each year; billions are being lost.<sup>[1]</sup> To satisfy the needs of our users, we focused on finding a way to circumvent the loss of items; we determined that developing an item loss prevention app would be appropriate.

## Concept Introduction

Our app's original intention was to inform the owner that they're about to leave a belonging behind by sending a notification to their phone upon reaching a certain distance away from the item. To facilitate this concept, we needed a means for the app to communicate with the lost possession and concluded that a tracking device of our own would be necessary. We wanted to ensure that the tracking device was discreet; hence our group set its initial focus on Bluetooth stickers. Bluetooth stickers seemed to be a natural choice because they’re lightweight, making them easy to carry around. Additionally, we thought it was the appropriate choice for our project due to how inexpensive these items can be, as well as low power consumption and high accuracy. A Bluetooth tracking device is rendered useless by a dead battery and numerous other potential complications. To counteract this, we adopted a hybrid approach, utilising Bluetooth in conjunction with cellular data, Wi-Fi and a server, enabling logging over greater distances.
