# 10.Conclusion
As established by our survey and research by Mozy, we believe the loss of personal belongings in various places is a common, daily life problem for majority of people.
To address the problem, our solution is a tracker, which the user can interact through a mobile application to keep track of an item. Although there are products in the market to do so already, they don’t seem to be quite accurate or provide functionalities that satisfy users completely. From our survey, we predict majority of target users will be individuals who are always on the move and active, such as students, office workers who many times need to travel abroad. Prototyping with different technologies we concluded that only one type of technology wouldn’t meet our concept prototype; therefore, we approached for a hybrid solution. A combination of Raspberry pi, Hologram Nova and Bluetooth. These would cover short and long range tracking of an item. We recognise our product may raise privacy concerns. To address this a ‘terms of use’ script will be ensuring consumers’ that their data and location will be used for the sole purpose of retrieving items or help them prevent losing them. In order to evaluate accuracy and quality of our product, we will have to experiment, both, software and hardware sides of our product. Both aspects will have to be tested in normal conditions as well as extreme conditions. As of now, lack of resources and expertise are limiting us to build a more portable physical device. We hope to deliver an upgraded version of the device in future after conducting further research on our idea, following the development of the product.
