# 2.Data gathering and requirements

According to our research, the external stakeholders include the potential users. As the developers of this idea, we are the internal stakeholders. Our project is designed to aid users. Therefore, our aim as internal stakeholders is to address the concerns of the external stakeholders.<sup>[1]</sup> We carried out a user investigation using SurveyMonkey, to garner a better understanding of our potential clientele. We gained knowledge that 44% of the interviewees would be very likely to buy the product if it’s available today. Analysing the data trends of the 54 responses we received informed us that 70% of the interviewees had a positive reaction to the concept. The remaining percentage was concerned about our concept’s similarity to other existing products; <sup>[2]</sup> the concerns that were raised made it a requirement for us to find ways to distinguish our project from others.

Our team gathered data in many ways, helping us meet the stakeholder's requirement of differentiating ourselves. We used the market research, motivated by the survey interviewee’s concerns, to provide ways in which we can diversify our idea from existing products or solve their shortcomings. Comparing the pros and cons of similar concepts allows us to combine the best of each. Product reviews uncovered a flaw in existing products; users deplore the fact that they aren’t notified if an item is about to exceed the tracker's range.<sup>[3]</sup> This improvement users are shown to be longing for<sup>[3]</sup> is also an integral part of our original idea and this distinguishes us from what exists. This research influenced our decision to utilise GPS triangulation, which is also nonexistent in current products and expands on the general concept.