**Explain current stack (what changed and why) -2 mins**

**Basically, we had to cut features from our orginal design in order to produce a miniumum viable product.** 

### •	iOS/Android app

originally android but not all users had androids and we needed to increase number of potential users

[show how app works, screenshots]
Nyo and Dylan can jump in and talk about the app

iOS came at cost. Raspberry pi is not supported in Mfi program, so Bluetooth (short range functionality) dropped.
MAC addresses (explain what MAC addresses) were constantly randomised (so we couldn’t pinpoint the Tracker) had to work with Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) which did not work out (too technical at currently skill, would need experienced developers to work on it)

### •	Amazon s3 servers

Anonymous data storage, stores only recent request locations, scalable, available worldwide.
Data can also be encrypted using amazon provided encryption such as 256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES-256)

### •	Hologram cloud

Negotiate with multiple phone carriers internationally, so we only pay one price (wasn’t possible before)
Communicates directly with the cellular modem on the tracker and forwards data to the Amazon s3 servers-

### •	Tracker

Portable Raspberry pi zero, with Hologram cellular modem. Tracks location using nearby cell towers to triangulate its location.  
Gives a rough location, Bluetooth functionality was dropped. 50 metres to 100 metres off target, better reception provide more accurate results

Fully automated, programmed everything with Bash (didn’t use python, Hologram SDK provided a CLI) and all of the tracker functionality is available and running as soon as the tracker is turned on.

Battery life… [not finished yet]

Case… [not finished yet]
